hello friends I hope the quarantine is
still treating you all well today I want
to share with you something that
certainly spiced up my quarantine today
we're looking into Hogwarts school of
prayer and miracles which is a
fanfiction supposedly written by a
Christian mom and grace and Parsons who
was worried that Harry Potter the
original Harry Potter would turn her
children into witches that is a no-no
according to Jesus so she decided to
rewrite it without any of the fun stuff
for this video I went back to
fanfiction.net for the first time since
middle school and it felt bad can't
confirm did not feel good did not feel
organic my original concern was that I
was going to have to reread the entirety
of the Philosopher's Stone like
meticulously edited to like change
everything to be Christian that was not
the case I was pleasantly surprised it
turns out this thing is only 1,300 work
thirteen hundred thirteen thousand words
which I wrote longer fanfiction in
middle school so get on my level grace
Han Parsons so naturally all of this
sets off the troll alarms immediately
there's a lot of people out there
claiming definitively that this is a
troll and that it has been confirmed
apparently there's something in the last
chapter that may be a confirmation but
I've actually only read half of it this
is a part one I took this quote from TV
Tropes right here due to the
over-the-top writing it has been
suspected to be a parody the last
chapter may be read as confirmation of
this but it is open to interpretation
the author claims to have ended the
fanfiction after 14 chapters because her
husband felt that writing was not good
for the family and has never confirmed
the suspicions of the story being a
parody I looked around a lot and I could
not confirm that this is a troll
obviously it's very tempting just based
on the content of it to say that it's a
troll but as it comes her of terrible
books and of Christian [__]
there's there's no way to tell I have
read worse than this
you know you see ones books and I have
read worse than this on the girl to find
a blog and those are both 100% on ironic
sources well it is so easy to read this
and think nobody could possibly be
serious about this experience experience
has proven otherwise many times for me
this is presented as serious and we have
no concrete evidence otherwise so I'm
going to consciously treat it that way
before I get into taking you through
this absolute literary masterpiece I
have to tell you about this week's very
fitting sponsor audible audible is the
leading provider of spoken word
entertainment and audiobooks every month
you get a credit towards one free audio
book and those books are yours forever
even if you cancel your account you also
get access to two free audible originals
every
as well as news and guided meditation
programs I am a huge reader and for a
long time I assumed that the physical
reading experience would be superior to
the listening experience I can tell you
now from experience having listened to
so many books that I have absolutely
loved just as much as if I had read them
in a physical copy that's not true
audiobooks are fantastic if you're
looking for something to read I do
highly recommend his dark materials
series and you can get all three books
in the series over on audible so go to
audible.com slash strange Aeons or Tech
strange Aeons to 500 500 start your
exclusive 30-day free trial including
one free book and two free audible
originals today
so without further ado let us jump in to
Hogwarts School of prayer and miracles
this lady gets right down to business
we immediately meet young young innocent
Harry and his Aunt Petunia a career
woman who wears unflattering pants suits
and Uncle Vernon her brownie baking soy
husband and of course Hagrid Hagrid the
door-to-door preacher a beloved
character that we all know so well hello
neighbor I was wondering if you've been
saved Hagrid exclaimed brightly and hit
his wide-brimmed straw cowboy hat Aunt
Petunia left left a gravelly laugh and
leaned forward on Hearst ernie practical
boots never trust a woman in sturdy
practical boots that she wears inside
her house for some reason saved don't
tell me you were one of those Christians
Harry did not know what that word meant
but Hagrid smile was the most peaceful
smile he had ever seen it made Harry
feel warm and happy inside
just seeing the glowing radiant grin on
the kind friendly stranger's face you're
telling me I'm supposed to interpret
this one way but the vibes are something
entirely else this is terrifying I am
terrified he what
he wondered why Aunt Petunia and Uncle
Vernon did not smile like that dot dot
dot yes I am Hagrid replied kindly are
you Aunt Petunia left again and stuck
her pointy sharp nose up in the air we
are too smart for that
how did you read Dawkins and God is dead
Dawkins proved that would you like us to
educate you on the Dawkins what is a
Christian Harry queried innocently
and scoffed his shoe on the shaggy
yellow carpet which had not been
vacuumed in quite some time reading
Dawkins is a slippery slope to never
vacuum in your house you you heard it
hear
first Aunt Petunia snapped her hands
over Harriet's young ears and her voice
was sickly sweet when she said thank you
very much for your concern sir but he
does not need your religion he has
science and socialism and birthdays
haven't you heard of evolution and then
Hagrid's like why don't you prove
evolution is real and she can't and
Hagrid's like well checkmate atheists
and Harry's like oh my god you're so
cool I want to be a Christian I want to
stress here that the implication is not
that it petunia personally doesn't know
how to break down evolution and explain
it to Hagrid it's the evolution is in
itself a religion with just as little
evidence as Christianity so that's cool
and great and then Harry says a prayer
which he somehow knows just by not
knowing what a Christian was like 20
seconds ago and now he has become
through the magic of prayer a Christian
chapter - Harry finds out about Hogwarts
School of prayer and miracles and
decides immediately that he wants to go
there Hagrid beamed widely he had been
praying so hard to save it soul today
and he was so happy to have saved the
soul of such a sweet earnest little one
poor boy being raised by two parents who
are not Christian and who both went to
work and left him with a babysitter all
day long it was a good thing Hagrid had
got there in time five years down the
road Harry might have been a fornicating
drug-addicted evolutionist
don't be silly Harry Aunt Petunia
commanded and run and rung her long bony
hands come back inside I will read to
you about evolution from the dawkins you
don't need that's silly religion
Harry's like I don't think so evolution
isn't real and I'm going to Hogwarts
School of Prayer and miracles no no
Harry Aunt Petunia screeched desperately
I have an idea you can have a second
birthday today you like birthdays right
birthdays are not of God Harry verbalize
knowingly and looked at his aunt with an
innocent wisdom you tried to corrupt me
but it did not work but I forgive you at
petunia because of Luke 23:34
somehow this woman made the Dursleys
better parents like his 11th birthday is
so significant in the books because it's
an example of how little they give a
[__] about him this petunia is obviously
a ridiculous caricature but I like her
so much better than the a petunia and
the actual Harry Potter books already
also know you did not miss anything
Harry quotes the Bible despite not
knowing what a Christian was 20 seconds
ago
Oh
if this is how to troll I feel so bad
for this woman's children this woman
literally thinks kids are that dumb she
has so little faith in the intelligence
of children that she thinks Harry Potter
would turn them into witches I'm just I
am just so afraid of the type of people
that exist up there
Hagrid raised his hands to the heavens
and cried out in a deep thunderous voice
dear Lord take us to Hogwarts and then
they are teleported through the magic of
prayer outside of the castle and who is
there to greet them but the Reverend
Albus Dumbledore and he is like the
Albus Dumbledore of the books except not
at all because he is young and a cowboy
and has a southern accent
she keeps describing harry's impression
of all the christian characters are so
pleasant and peaceful witches spoke
obviously supposed you're supposed to
read that and be like mmm inner peace
I'd like some of that inner peace and I
try out some of this sexy Jesus stuff
but it just read this so charmingly
creepy if you describe someone is
smiling peacefully I am going to think
that this is a horror book chapter 3
Dumbledore's married to McGonagall
obviously because family values I also
looked at some of the reviews for fun a
lot of these are really recent like this
one says like this one is April 1st like
people are reading this so anyway this
person said strange have so many people
in the comments are complaining that
Dumbledore can't be married to Minerva
or be religious / conservative since
he's gay well duh are you guys 12
throughout history homosexuals have
married with the opposite sex in this
story it makes perfect sense
the Dumbledore's marry to Olin when he
was the head of a super conservative and
religious community do you honestly
think that he could be openly gay in
this community
obviously there's debate as to whether
gay Dumbledore's even canon this woman
clearly has no regard for the canon
first of all she's obviously made him
straight but technical I do think that
that's that's very true and valid and if
anyone's going to be gay it's probably
gonna be the very repressed leaders of a
big religious organization anyway back
to this harrowing tale this poor little
one has been raised in a terrible
situation Hagrid declared concernedly he
was watched by a babysitter every second
of the day his aunt saw him as part of
her perfect like life package like the
big house the fancy career in the
speeding car Dumbledore shook his head
sadly too bad no one told her parenting
should be about children not the parents
that's why it's called parenting Hagrid
nodded wisely
okay that's really nice and subtle thank
you so much faith in the intelligence of
the audience like I said she took the
characters from Harry Potter deleted
their person
so that they were just empty shells with
the same names as Harry Potter
characters and then she filled them with
Jesus [__] what if a failing reading
experience I am having she's a better
writer than you see on that I'll give
her that Dumbledore was like well your
starting class tomorrow Harry but in the
meantime you should come have dinner
with me and my family and at this point
I'm like oh my god he's gonna have like
eight annoying kids isn't he and Harry's
like wow I've never had a family dinner
before why don't you come with us then
Dumbledore cried kindly strange dialog
first of all because you already invited
him you already said that he was coming
and secondly for a moment there I had a
horrified moment that I had somehow
ended up reading by Immortal they
totally still do magic in this book
except they have to pray for everything
they operate everywhere inside of the
castle night I ad for no reason the food
the dinner food still magically appears
they just say hey hey God and things
happen which is so cool and just as
exciting as the magic and Harry Potter
hermione is their kid hermione is their
kid this is not a drill what the [__]
Harry could barely respond this was the
most beautiful young woman he had ever
come across so different from all the
girls in public school who were focused
on trying to be like career woman they
saw in Sex in the City is that really
what 11 year-olds are up to these days
this little one was the picture of
innocence and godliness we also know how
great she is because the first thing she
does upon entering the room is offered
to help cook dinner which I don't know
why cuz nobody cooked it it's just there
at dinner the adults talk about things
that Harry doesn't quite understand dark
forces intrigue if you will
chapter 4 I really want an internet
historian version of this now that I'm
thinking of it cuz I was reading the
authors now and I just heard a author's
note in his voice and just chef's kiss
perfection you look like you need a good
night's sleep the reverend's wife
commented daintily this is McGonagall
who i can assume probably also just
looks like a southern housewife since
we've given Dumbledore complete makeover
how would you like to move into your
dormitory I would love to here cried
cheerfully he was so excited to become a
student here and he was so grateful for
the opportunities the Lord had given him
sometimes people who have done without
are the most grateful Grace and person
master of subtlety hermione calls
Dumbledore daddy
and then because she's so great and we
are supposed to know that she is so
great and just the ideal example of what
a young girl is supposed to be she
offers to clean the kitchen which is
again done because they just told her go
show Harry around so there's like no
when you gotta flex your housewife
brainwashing against all logic am i
right ladies
in other news women are obligated to be
beautiful to honor the Lord being
beautiful on the outside is a testament
to being a good Christian on the inside
Harry makes sure to be very nice and
respectful to Hermione because every
young woman is another man's future wife
wait Harry Hermione uttered quickly
there's something you should know what
is it Harry ko Aryan questioningly
oh my god these could be trolling nods
to my immortal I still believe there's
absolutely no way to tell if this is a
troll given the amount of [__] I
have seen in the world that has meant
completely seriously but some potential
evidence towards being one is the
dialogue descriptors ie that when I
collect passage of my immortal my father
says dark times are coming
Hermione spoke worriedly there is a man
named Voldemort who wants to destroy all
that we stand for he is pushing an
agenda in Congress which will stop us
from practicing our faith freely but
that's what the founding fathers built
this nation for Harry cried indignantly
the freedom of religion is absolutely
[__] sent to me when I read it and it
is [__] sending me now hermione sheds
lovely lady like tears over the
persecution of Christians in modern-day
America which just by the way is
absolutely the same as the persecution
of Christians in ancient Rome things are
also weirdly romantic rather than like
innocent and friendship II between Harry
and Hermione which is weird they're
literally children can you not this is
not in my notes I was just thinking this
off the top of my head I was gonna say
I'd be willing to bet that it ends with
her giving him an innocent kiss on the
cheek or than having a prolonged good
Christian hug but technically I don't
think there's an actual ending to this
cuz it's it ends because her husband
wanted her to stop writing it so I don't
think it'll have like a satisfying
ending but if it were to have a conclude
I'm just saying they might share a good
Christian hug despite the fact that girl
defined says you shouldn't do that
before marriage getting a little bit
naughty there don't you think Chapter
five
Harry Potter woke up to Durazo Lee and a
comfy fluffy mattress it was only now
that he had the energy to observe his
surroundings the room was small but also
everything a little boy needed there was
a big warm fireplace in the gray stone
wall across from him a shelf of
intelligent age-appropriate books the
Holy Bible was in the center of the
Shelf of course in what universe is the
Bible child appropriate reading so now
we get to meet Ron their roommates
so Harry wakes up and sees Ron praying
to a statue which he just has a feeling
is bad come sit with me and my family
Ronald offered eagerly and motioned
frantically towards the table packed
full of people with hit with hair just
as red as his come on come on come on I
can't wait for them to see that I've
made a new friend Harry followed her
Ronald with the obedience of one who
does not have many friends in a new
situation oh but a difficult
circumstance that can be and how many
believers have been led astray by those
situations guys guys guys Ronald screech
to joyously as he pulled Harry towards
the table of his family this is Harry
Potter and here's my new roommate hello
Harry the Weasleys chorused in unison
welcome to Hogwarts no a prayer in
miracles there's something uncomfortable
about them and it's not the same reason
we're all uncomfortable reading this
their food appears again but this time
the implication is that like like in the
Harry Potter books the house elves do
all the cooking and then it is like
teleported to the tables I don't think
they ever say that in the movies so like
context if you only saw the moves and
are confused which is valid because I'd
only saw the movies until this year so
this time the implication is that it's
just McGonagall it's it's McGonagall do
like her role at the school is just to
cook for the entire great hall and then
it's teleported to the tables in the
same ways I guess the house elves cook
in the books
I don't know Harry decides to ask
Dumbledore about the ethics of idolatry
because you know things that concern
normal 11 year olds Dumbledore worse
cowboy boots which are described as
admirable God this woman is so horny for
the southern hick aesthetic
explains to Harry that the sorting hat
will sort all of the students into in
the school into different types of
Christians for instance I am a
Gryffindor hat we believe everything in
the Bible and only the Bible that
redhead roommate of yours is a Slytherin
hat and slytherins worship statues Harry
queried innocently the Reverend nodded
gravely but do they really love the Lord
Harry posited timidly if they do then
why do they worship statues dark days
are coming
Dumbledore replied earnestly we need to
be inclusive if there are only
Gryffindor hats at Hogwarts then there
would not be many people left chapter 6
it is time for some more very accurate
representation of the concerns of 11
year old children Harry and Ron have a
friendly discussion about Gryffindor's
versus slytherins
the slytherins or the Roman Catholics I
gather what about Mary Ronald deposited
angrily around a mouthful of oatmeal you
have to at least worship her you mean
the mommy of our Lord Harry German
didn't scandal and chewed his bacon
I don't worship her question mark well
then God hates you Ron stated simply and
pieces of bacon flew out of his mouth as
he did so I thought Harry was the one
eating the bacon and then Harry turns
around and Luna is there eating vegan
bacon which is described as a bunch of
gross vegetables mushed together and
dyed red I've never had vegan bacon but
I don't think that's it Luna is
obviously not a character in the first
book which could be evidence that this
is written by a fan who knows more about
the later books Rowling same with the
food doesn't magically appear it is
cooked by somebody thing maybe it's
evidence that the Christian mom did some
googling or watched the movies I don't
know in my immortal there's a reference
to st. Yvonne goes and I when I first
saw that I was like aha
nobody's only seen the movies like the
author claims she has knows what that is
evidence that this is a troll but like
or maybe she read a lot of Harry Potter
fanfiction some of which was written by
people who did read the books who
mentioned things from the books you know
I think too much about this stuff and
all I've the only conclusion I've come
to is that there is ZERO way to ever
tell if something is a troll anyway what
do Hufflepuff hats believe in Harry
pondered aloud and took a bite of his
real bacon
hufflepuff hats believed in the Bible
but only some of it Luna explained
casually and she was still feeding on
that
why are y'all eating and talking that's
gross I'm just imagining them all like
saying all of this with their mouths
full just spitting bacon everywhere we
don't believe in the stuff against
fornication and drinking in socialism
but we really like a Matthew 7:1 and
that's about it we're really fun and
seem really nice and really tolerant as
long as you agree with us that was when
a derisive laugh echoed through the
cafeteria a smug looking young man about
Harry's age was slicked back hair even
paler blondes and Lunas was wearing a
sweater vest in khakis strolled
languidly down between the rows of
tables please ignore this fool Draco
drawled snugly Luna here thinks she can
have a career even though she's a woman
and women are stupid Harry gasped at
this horrible person what a mean thing
to say women should not have careers
because women are stupid Harry showed it
indignantly women are not stupid women
should not have careers because women
are nurturing and loving and their gifts
gifts serve the best in the home can you
see me physically reacting to this can
you see me holding down the vomit draco
gasps tentatively Jesus Christ I
maintain that there's no way to tell
anything as a troll but oh my god this
is really starting to feel like my
immortal reference anyway draco gasped
tentatively you are diluting the truth
women women are beneath men no I'm not
Harry fired back bravely you're twisting
the truth so you can be mean with it
women are not beneath men men and women
are just different luna smiled at him
gratefully oh we got a white knight on
our hands boys Draco was clearly
fumbling for ground here there is not
much ground to stand on when you were
being hateful but he finally came up
with well at least I don't need with
Slytherin hats
I hate slytherins Ronald to begin to cry
and to his oatmeal
I don't hate Slytherin hats Harry
declared boldly I think they should
become Gryffindor hats but that is
because I love them besides the Lord ate
with sinners all the time I know we keep
coming back to this even though I keep
saying it doesn't matter and there will
never figure it out but potential
evidence but this is not a troll is that
this woman knows nothing about Harry
Potter she keeps calling me houses house
name hats and it's making me want to
commit crimes they literally all wear
hats like baseball hats what the house
crest on them is what I'm picturing I
think that's what I think that's what
she thinks the Sorting Hat is because
Harry
jumps on a table and yells at God what
house he wants to be in and that's how
he gets sorted not with the hat that is
used for sorting he then gets a hat that
since he's in Gryffindor also almost
none of the characters are in the right
houses like what is this head Draco
coming in like I hate Slugger heads and
I run and with us leather and guys into
his oatmeal anyway
chapter 7 um the boys in Gryffindor yes
who wear hats with the the Gryffindor
lion on them but the girls have to wear
a version with a kitten on it it's cool
that's great these are things that I
love having to read with my own two eyes
see the joke I usually make is my own -
good Christianized she's she's far out
Christian's my good Christian eyes here
Hermione runs up and hugs Harry for no
reason because apparently we've left
into an uneasy on book now
Dumbledore gets up in front of school
and he's like cool great you've all
chosen your houses wisely which no you
didn't miss something apparently that
all of the sorting is done now and Harry
is sitting there listening to him
thinking but is it really a smart idea
for Dumbledore to act like people with
other opinions are valid when they're
not because like obviously only the
Gryffindor's who believe the entire
bible are valid and everyone else here
is a sinner I hate it it's so gross it's
the sneaky
the sneaky little [__] Christians do if
like Oh accept people and be nice to
people and love everybody but only for
the sake of converting them because
they're still bad it is disgusting it is
vomit-inducing
it is literally the opposite of genuine
acceptance stop it
now at the beginning of the breakfast
meal Harriet noticed a tall mysterious
looking man with long dark hair and had
gone to enigmatic features he was
dressed stylishly
in a crisp black suit and his tie made a
shock of red in the otherwise totally
black outfit fashion icon the dark hair
on his pale chest was neatly trimmed but
still noticeably thick and he wore
elegant black leather shoes on both feet
it was now that he noticed that on the
table that this man was sitting at was a
placard that said on it mr. Sinise a lot
of things that I read in this fan
fiction we're a lot to handle but for
some reason mr. Snape was the one that I
just started laughing uncontrollably and
my girlfriend was like what are you are
you okay like what are you looking what
is funny and I was just like I can't
explain to you all
things mr. Snape just [__] sent me
I didn't realize like in the books
they're all called like professor so
Professor Snape sounds completely normal
for me but mixture that is the end of
chapter seven seven of the fourteen
chapters we are halfway through so I
think that is the riveting cliffhanger I
think I won't have to leave you on until
next week I wanna make a lot more book
review videos because they're so fun but
they're also so tedious so for the sake
of my brain I am dividing this up into
two parts in the meantime have fun
discussing any theories about whether it
is a troll any predictions for the
future of this absolute train wreck and
the comments below I will be reading
them and probably even including a few
in the next video if they are
particularly good and/or make me cackle
thank you so much for watching friends
and I'll see you in another video part 2
of this video next week
[Music]